Improved Self-Managed Enterprise scaling & troubleshooting (#38863)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/enterprise-setup/scaling-airbyte.md

If your deployment of Airbyte is intended to run many concurrent syncs at once (e.g. an overnight backfill), we recommend provisioning an increased number of instances. Some connectors are memory and CPU intensive, while others are not. Using an infrastructure monitoring tool, we recommend measuring the following at all times:
* Requested CPU %
* CPU Usage %
* Requested Memory %
* Memory Usage %

With high CPU or Memory usage, we recommend scaling up your Airbyte deployment to a higher number of nodes, or reducing the maximum resource usage by any given connector pod. If high _requested_ CPU or memory usage is blocking new pods from being scheduled, while _used_ CPU or memory is low, you may modify connector pod provisioning defaults in your `values.yml` file:

```yaml
global:
  edition: "enterprise"
  ...
  jobs:
    resources:
      limits:
        cpu: 
        memory: 
      requests:
        cpu: 
        memory: 
```

> If your Airbyte deployment is underprovisioned, you may often notice occasional 'stuck jobs' that remain in-progress for long periods, with eventual failures related to unavailable pods. If you begin to see such errors, we recommend you follow the troubleshooting steps above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your Airbyte deployment is underprovisioned, you may notice occasional 'stuck jobs' that remain in-progress for long periods, with eventual failures related to unavailable pods. If you begin to see such errors, we recommend you follow the troubleshooting steps above.
```

We particularly recommend having multiple instances of `worker` and `server` pods:

```yaml
worker:
  replicaCount: 2

server:
  replicaCount: 2
```

Furthermore, you may want to implement a primary-replica setup for the database (e.g., PostgreSQL) used by Airbyte. The primary database handles write operations, while replicas handle read operations, ensuring data availability even if the primary fails.

## Disaster Recovery (DR) Regions

For business-critical applications of Airbyte, you may want to configure a Disaster Recovery (DR) cluster for Airbyte. We do not support assisting customers with DR deployments at this time. However, we offer a few high level suggestions:
1. We strongly recommend configuring an external database, external log storage and external connector secret management.
2. We strongly recommend that your DR cluster is also an instance of Self-Managed Enterprise, kept at the same version as your prod instance.

## DEBUG Logs

> We recommend turning off `DEBUG` logs for any non-testing use of Self-Managed Airbyte. Failing to do while running at-scale syncs may result in the `server` pod being overloaded, preventing most of the deployment for operating as normal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend turning off `DEBUG` logs for any non-testing use of Self-Managed Airbyte. Failing to do so while running at-scale syncs may result in the `server` pod being overloaded. This would prevent most of the deployment from operating as normal.
```

## Schema Discovery Timeouts 

> While configuring a database source connector with hundreds to thousands of tables, each with many columns, the one-time `discover` mechanism - by which we discover the topology of your source - may run for a long time and exceed Airbyte's timeout duration. Should this be the case, you may increase Airbyte's timeout limit as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Airbyte uses a one-time `discover` mechanism to map out the topology of your source. If a database source connector has hundreds or even thousands of tables, each with many columns, `discover` may run for long enough that it exceeds Airbyte's timeout duration. In such a case, you may increase Airbyte's timeout limit as follows:
```

Reviewer: It could be useful to link to the Airbyte protocol definition for "Discover" as well: `understanding-airbyte/airbyte-protocol#discover`
